Add Release Notes About WebAuthn Form Field for Re-authentication (#1768)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/release-notes.adoc

=== Changed
* New themed pages added for WebAuthn. Please review your themes to ensure the new templates and localized messages are added.
** See the link:/docs/v1/tech/apis/themes[Theme] API and the link:/docs/v1/tech/themes/[Theme] documentation for additional details. Review the link:/docs/v1/tech/themes/#upgrading[Upgrading] section on the link:/docs/v1/tech/themes/[Themes] page for information on how to resolve potential breaking changes.

> * WebAuthn re-authentication requires a new hidden form field named `userVerifyingPlatformAuthenticatorAvailable` on the following pages in order to detect compatible devices/browsers and prompt the user to register a passkey:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* WebAuthn re-authentication requires a new hidden form field named `userVerifyingPlatformAuthenticatorAvailable` to detect compatible devices/browsers and prompt the user to register a passkey. You can view the default templates to determine in which form to insert this field into any customized templates. This field must be present on the following pages:
```
